Boss, why did you ask me to bring you here?
Don't move, that's my key?
I go boss
You're not going to kidnap and sell children, are you?
I'm not doing this
What do you mean?
I am taking my child to the doctor.
Father Ling Feng
Didn't you say you would take me to see Danny?
See for yourself when your eyes are healed.
Walk you to the hospital
Hospital
OK
Doctor, is my cornea okay?
No problem, you can replace it for the child.
You can have surgery.
Boss, what will you do if you give this child the cornea?
Lin Feng's father, I can't take your cornea.
If you can't see
What about the lamb mom?
It's alright, let's go
Lin Feng's father doesn't need to see anything anymore
I hope you can continue to see the world instead of me
Father Lin Feng, are you sick?
Boss, what's wrong with you?
Cao Cao, I want to ask you one more thing
After the surgery is over
Leave the dean later
Come on.
Boss, promise me
loose
Can you see it?
Yaoyao's mother, I can see you
You are so beautiful and that aunt is beautiful too
What about Ling Feng's father?